 C O N T E N T S

o f t h e

o b s e r v a t i o n s

Journal of the Voyage round the World	
C H A P T E R I.
Remarks on the Earth and Lands, their Inequalities, Strata, 
and Constituent Parts
Sect.	1.	Large Lands	
	2.	Islands	
	3.	Strata	
	4.	Mountains	
	5.	Formation of Soil	
C H A P T E R II.
Remarks on Water and the Ocean.
Sect.	1.	Springs	
	2.	Rivulets	
	3.	Ocean	
		1.	Depth of the Ocean	
		2.	Its Colour	
		3.	Saltness	
		4.	Warmth or Temperature	
		5.	The Phosphoreal light of the Sea
		6.	On the Question concerning the Existence of a Southern Land	
	4.	Ice and its Formation	
C H A P T E R III.
Remarks on the Atmosphere and its Changes, Meteors and
Phoenomena.
Sect.	1.	Aqueous Meteors	
		1.	Dew	
		2.	Rains	
		3.	Fogs	
		4.	Snow, Sleet, and Hail	
		5.	Waterspouts	
Sect.	2	Aerial Phoenomena	
		1.	Colour of the Sky	
		2.	Rainbows, Solar, and Lunar	
		3.	Halos	
Sect.	3	Fiery Meteors	
		1.	Lightning	
		2.	Fiery Globes, &amp;c.	
		3.	Austral Lights	
Sect.	4.	Winds	
		1.	Regular Winds	
		2.	Variable Winds	
		3.	Storms	
 
C H A P T E R IV.
Remarks on the Changes of the Globe.
Sect.	1.	Regular Changes	
	2.	Accidental Changes	
		1.	Artificial Changes	
		2.	Natural Changes, especially from Volcanoes	
	3.	On the Dimunition of Sea and Water	
	4.	Theory of the Formation of Isles	
		1.	Of the Low Isles	
		2.	Of the High Islands	
C H A P T E R V.
Remarks on the Organic Bodies
Sect.	1.	Vegetable Kingdom	
		1.	Numbers	
		2.	Stations	
		3.	Varieties	
		4.	Cultivation	
		5.	Classes and Sexes	
Sect.	2.	Animal Kingdom	
		1.	Number	
		2.	Station	
		3.	Variety	
		4.	Classification	
 
C H A P T E R VI.
Remarks on the Human Species	
Sect.	1.	On the Numbers of the Inhabitants in the South Sea Isles, and their Population	
	2.	On the Varieties of the Human Species, relative to Colour, Size, Form, Habit, and natural Turn of Mind in the Natives of the South Sea Isles	
	3.	On the Causes of Difference in the Races of Men in the South Seas; their Origin and Migration	
	4.	Various Progress which the Nations we saw have made from the Savage State towards Civilization	
	5.	Food, and the Method of procuring it, by Fishing, Fowling, Hunting, and the wild spontaneous Fruits - Savage or barbarous State of a small Number of Men - Origin of Cannibalism - Means employed by Providence of improving human Societies	
	6.	General Principles of national Happiness - Increase of Population - Causes of Union - Cultivation - Property - Society - Government	
	7.	On the Principles, moral Ideas, Manners, Refinement, Luxury, and the Condition of Women among the Natives of the South Sea Isles	
	8.	Instruction, Private and Public: Origin and Progress of Manufactures, Arts, and Sciences	
	9.	Religion, Mythology, Cosmogony, Worship, Origin of Mankind, future State, Rites Genethliac, Nuptial, Sepulchral	
	10.	Recapitulation; general View of the Happiness of the Islanders in the South Sea. Short comparative View of various Manners and Customs usual in the South Sea Isles, with those of other Nations	
	11.	On the Preservation of Health in long Voyages - Account of our Diseases, and the Remedies and Preventatives used on our Voyage
